changelog for anchor updates [ skip ci ] (#7054)
sunpy/sunpy: changelog/7032.doc.rst

Updated all of the sphinx anchors to be more consistent.

> This means that any existing use case of the old anchors will need to be updated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This means that any use of the old anchors (intersphinx links to sunpy doc pages) will need to be updated.
```
